Update Encryption for 10.8 (#3751)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/_partials/configuration/files/encryption/not-encrypted-files.adoc

== Which Data Is Encrypted and When

=== Following data *is* encrypted:

> * User _files_ in his home directory _if enabled_ by the admin. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users _files_ in their home directory trees _if enabled_ by the admin. +
```

--encrypt for also for female users--
